The name of the level that we need to load will be stored in the GameInstance class. Let's create
Let's create a property.
The variable will be of type FName. Let's call ee StartupLevelName.
The default constructor of the FName class initializes the variable with the special value None.
Let's assign this value explicitly. It is stored in a special variable called NAME_None.
Before loading the level, we will check the value of the variable: if it is equal to None, then we will enter an error message.
We will not check for the existence of a level with this name. Naturally, it is possible to implement this logic in the UE.
We create a public section. Add a getter function for this variable.
Go to the .cpp file of the widget menu. We include the header file of our game instance.
In the StartGame function, check the world pointer for nullptr.
Next, we create a local variable STUGameInstance and assign it the pointer value,
which is returned to the GetGameInstance functions of the UWorld object.
If the pointer is nullptr, then exit the function.
If not, then we do an additional check: we get the value of the level name through the getter function.
The FName class has a special function called IsNone. It returns true if the variable is None.
In this case, we will exit the function, and let's also display an error message in the console.
Copy the log definition macro. We call the log STUMenuWidget.
We display the error message: Level name is none.
If all our checks are passed, then the OpenLevel function is passed the name of the startup level.
Compile the code.
We open the console. We start the game. Click on StartGame. We see an error message.
Open up the GameInstance asset.
The default value for our variable is None. We replace it with TestLevel.
Run it again. Click start game. The level has opened. Everything works.